### Canada's Wartime Nursing Sisters
During the First World War, a group of women tirelessly tended to wounded Canadian soldiers. Their formal title was "nursing sisters", but by their patients, they were dubbed *bluebirds*, for their uniform of white veils and blue dresses. Tales of the war have so often championed the men that fought on the battlegrounds. ***But what of the women that nursed their wounds?*** 

This is dedicated to the women that left their lives and their own families behind to take care of the heirs of other familys' legacies. **2,485 women** served globally in the Canadian Army Medical Corps in WWI. But this research takes a closer look at those who served in 1918, documented in the [14th Canadian General Hospital War Diaries](http://collectionscanada.gc.ca/pam_archives/index.php?fuseaction=genitem.displayItem&lang=eng&rec_nbr=2005110&rec_nbr_list=3366167,3203123,2005097,2005100,2005101,2005099,2005096,2005110,2005108,2005106).

Colonel Gerald W.L. Nicholson, in 1975:
> “In whatever conflict Canadians have been called on to bear arms, in the last hundred years, the medical services of Canada have earned a high reputation for the skill and devotion with which they played their special part. It is a reputation that has not suffered as they carried out their continuous function in time of peace. Canadian Nursing Sisters are justifiably proud to have borne their share alike with officers and men in the great contribution made by the medical services. Of these dedicated women it may be said “They served equally.” (Retrieved from [*The Nursing Sisters of Canada*](https://www.veterans.gc.ca/eng/remembrance/those-who-served/women-and-war/nursing-sisters))
